Allrecipes member lauryn NJ says that
Mary's meatloaf is the best meatloaf
recipe I have tried to date my husband
even loves it and he used to hate
meatloaf thanks to all recipes member
mary robinson for sharing this recipe
begin by preheating your oven to 350
degrees next lightly grease a 9 by 5
inch loaf pan with cooking spray chopped
1 large onion cut 6 slices of white
bread into cubes
add one and a half pounds of lean ground
beef to a large bowl along with the
chopped onion
season with salt
round black pepper
and garlic powder to taste mix this
together
now add in your cubed bread
a half a cup of milk
and one egg and mix these together
next add two tablespoons of yellow
mustard
and 1/4 of a cup of ketchup
mix this all together to incorporate all
the ingredients place the mixture into
your prepared loaf pan and spread out
evenly press the meat to make sure it's
compacted fully into the pan now you'll
need to prepare the topping in a small
bowl add 1 tbsp of yellow mustard
a quarter cup of ketchup
and three tablespoons of brown sugar
stir to combine
pour this mixture over your meatloaf
you
and spread it evenly over the top
bake the meatloaf in the preheated oven
for two hours or until the internal
temperature reaches 165 degrees we
measured on a thermometer Mary's
meatloaf
thanks again Mary